---
layout: post
title: Happy my birthday, 2014.
---
Birthday is time for people to count how many years they have lived.
Birthday is the day that we can see time. An old fact now seems to be a new discovery: time is flying.

It’s a year, what did I do in a year?

Last year birthday, I was coding in a small guest house in Bangkok. I was travelling a lot at that time. 
A third of the year for travelling, another third for crazily coding and the last third I code less and learning more about the business part of being entrepreneur.

A year is moving so fast.
Knowing that time is flying is okay, like any other well-known unharmful fact. But when you can feel that fact, it is much more scary.

Seeing time is moving when you haven’t done much work, makes you feel that you are running out of time.

Birthday 2014, first time I feel old. I was optimistic and happy boy, who think that I’m always young and foolish. 
Now, I kinda miss that spirit.
Keeping a spirit is important to me. Something that defines me. Now I know why some people has a yearly routine that they keep doing over again, every year.

A spirit is important.

Entrepreneur is hard and harder to be balanced.
One moment you feel happy, another moment you feel like failure is coming. 
For months you work so confidently. A new day waking up, you feel that you are doing all wrong.

_ _

Time flies so fast when I live too intensely. I always has a fear that I can get lost. It’s hard to be balanced.

I feel like I’m rushing. The more I rush, the more I feel unbalanced, the more I fear that I can get lost.

I think I get lost all the time. Is unbalance the ultimate balance for a startup life?

_ _

One great thing is that I can sit down and look at my life. I can see my own mistake and learn. But I know I can not rely on this internal lucky habit. I’m still searching for the right way to go, the right balanced to be.

It’s 3 years since my mom left me. Sometime I think time is slow also. So many things have already happened during the years, I think it should be 6 or 7 years already.
Birthday 2014, I call dad. I wish I can be a better son.

Birthday 2014 comes with full of fears and worries. But I still believe, in a bright future that are coming.

July 14, 2014
Just a note when I look back. Happy my birthday :)
